Wow this was a journey. I actually had to refresh my memory of C++ pointers and classes

So here was my though process. I started by making a class to represent the filesystem Item, with a type, size, name, parent and children. The idea was, I would build up this filesystem through the commands and then use it to calculate the size of various directories recursively. In my initial implementation, the parent and children of an item were strings and vector of strings respectively, based on names. To easily find other items (like parent/children of an item), I also made a map of string-item objects, so I can use the item's name to find it and use it. Using that map, I had all I needed to recurse through the filesystem, starting at the root and calculate all the directory sizes. This worked well for the test input and initally seemed to work well for the real input. But the answer was wrong. And I realised why. My system doesn't allow for two items having the same name, since a new item with the same name would replace the previous one in my map. I tried taking into account duplicate names by adding collision handling to my mapping but it was getting too complex.

So I knew what I had to do, regardless of how much I was dreading it. What I had implemented with the map was basically a way to *point* to an item to directly read or modify it by its name. However, C++ already has a system for that in place: pointers. So I redid my implementation and instead of the map, I started using pointers everywhere. And actually, it simplified the code. A lot of my manual work using maps and vectors was now hidden behind the pointers. Most of the actual logic remained the same, with small adjustments here and there to use pointers. And in the end it worked. Both part 1 and 2 shared most of the logic and only needed to be different in the final step of what to actually do with the directory sizes once calculated, both of which, I once again solved using recursion
