It was pretty clear to be from the start that I can't just make a 2d array for the grid given the size of the numbers. Especially coz the bounds were pretty unclear in part 1. Not that they helped, since it's not really reasonable to have a 4 million x 4 million array, given the storage space it requires is 1.6 TB.

For part 1, I used the sensor-beacon manhattan distances to get an idea of how long a row can be, as in how far the sensors can see on a row. If the sensor is too far from the row (ie, the nearest beacon is closer to the sensor than the row), ignore it. Otherwise, check which points on the row a sensor can see. After going through all the sensors, I had the answer.

For part 2, theoretically, I could use the part 1 code and run it for all possible rows, and check which row has a blind spot for all sensors. However, like I said at the beginning, that's very high-computation, given there's 4 million rows. But somehow, I still had to check each point. So I still made by nested for loop. However, I knew there were ways I could speed thing up. It took a lot of trial-and-error and **lot** of debugging to get it right. In the end, the solution was, if the point can be sensed by a sensor, the point vertically opposite of it, with respect to the sensor, can also be sensed, along with all the points in the middle. Not only that, the point in the row that's the sensor's max distance away can be sensed. So I can skip checking all those points. And that sped things up considerably
